when life is chaotic every meal can feel
like a struggle but whether I'm flat-out
with the kids or work this lunch covers
all bases I can't think of a single
ingredient that's as fast or as flexible
as eggs and I love mushrooms because I
quite like that meaty texture and these
rolls with fresh mushrooms are a total
godsend when I want to rustle something
up in a rush my cracking egg rolls with
mushrooms are a brilliant alternative to
a boring old sandwich but still only
take minutes these rolls are like a
omelette that have been wrapped in a
tortilla beat three eggs to start the
omelet Center and then I'm gonna add
dried parsley now I love dried herbs so
this stuff I think it's a bad rip still
get that lovely flavor so why not and
garlic granules sometimes I just cannot
be bothered to chop garlic you know you
just need one or maybe two this is what
you need Banking store cupboard staples
like this will give your cooking an
instant flavor boost season with salt
and pepper this is happening I love
mushrooms they cook so quickly and
they're packed full of deep umami flavor
you can use any type of mushroom if I
don't have any fresh mushrooms in I'll
just use the canned stuff or frozen
whatever all of it works and then
tortilla wraps this is the bit that kind
of like holds your eggy omelette II bit
together and then I've got my tomato
paste now you could use normal to mark
paste but this is sun-dried tomato paste
so it's sweeter that's gonna pack a
massive punch of flavor
just because we're cooking fast it
doesn't mean we're compromising on
flavor let's get some well in there oils
hot egg in
eggs takes seconds to cook so they're
perfect when you're rushing you can see
the eggs just cooking around the edge
and then I'm gonna add my mushrooms so
just a few
and then olives but I want to cook
really quickly but I want lots of flavor
and black olives are perfect for that
you get that lovely salty kind of hips
and then I take my tortilla with a
sun-dried tomato paste and then turn it
round and stick it on top just kind of
use your hands to just glue it together
let's see just just don't touch it just
leave it let it do its thing after just
thirty seconds flip it over look at that
can you smell that no you can't smell
that I can't look
fried tortilla good right let's do
another one and you'll see once you
start doing this you're gonna start a
production line you'll be making more
than to eat to be doing like 10 you can
do this with tomatoes onions cheese ham
the options are endless and here's where
the roll comes in
[Music]
I did it my crispy fried egg rolls
bursting with sun-dried tomato paste
black olives and mushrooms with a cheeky
time-saving bonus what I love about
these is they can make a load up stick
them in the fridge and they're perfect
for lunch the next day and that one it's
gonna roll straight into our mouth
because somebody's gonna eat it that
means any sandwich